We registered our control.
Now now it's I am unable to form to be submitted.
I will use the normal approach you might know from a normal English to web app.
I will first get a local reference to the form and you're treated for me and I can do this by placing
these local reference or naming it F on the form attribute to me on the form element.
And like this it would only give me access to deform HVM element.
I want to get access to the form English to created form in javascript and I tell Englad you that I
want to have access to this by assigning the entry form value to this local reference.
That is the little trick we learn in normal English to course which gives us access to the form English
you created.
Well and with this I can place the energy submit directive which only has this event year therefore
on it to listen to the submission of this form and then simply executes a method.
Let's name it on an item for example and pass the form to this method.
Well and with all this set up in place I can now go to the body of this typescript file to this combo
of this component remove all the boilerplate again which I don't need as of now and simply implement
the on add item method where I know that I will receive a form.
So I will get a form as an argument because I'm passing it appear to be on an item method and this will
be of type Engy form of course.
And with this form I'm getting here.
Well I can simply log it to the console to see what we actually did get.
So let me know save this and go back to your running application to UTIs an action.
And now if I may enter.
Well let's enter MoJ but 10 items of it.
And click on an item you see here's the form God and there you see we got our controls which is a form
group and we also get a value for the overall ngi form element which has the amount and included name
properties.
Since these are the two controls we registered.
So with this we are submitting the form.
Now let's also add some validation to it in the next lecture.